README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: add readme file with requirements

README.md, after:

### Repository requirements:
- Create a new project on Github
- Clone the project to local
- Create a new branch

### Project requirements:
- Use Next.js to create a new project
- Use Typescript
- Use design for app provided [here](https://www.figma.com/file/gwjBGWqe5fmhSKczDmKYzu/Test?type=design&node-id=0-1&mode=design)
- Take API for forecast weather from [here](https://openweathermap.org/api)

### Table requirements:
- List of cities should be save in separate file
- While page loading data should display with temperature in Celsius degrees and wind direction for today and for each city

### Filters requirements:
- User should be able to filter data by one city and for multiple cities
- Filter should take minimum temperature and maximum temperature in integer numbers in diapason from -80 to 80

### Chart requirements:
- While page loading data should display in the chart with average temperature for one city for last 7 days
- Char should change if click on specific city in the table

### Common requirements:
- Provide documentation for project
- Provide description how to run project
+ If project will be deployed it will be a plus
+ If project will be covered by tests it will be a plus
+ If project will be additional design it will be a plus
+ If project will be covered by Docker it will be a plus
+ If project will be SEO it will be a plus
+ If project will be PWA it will be a plus
